release(docs): Refactor bug report template (#6858)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Bug Reports
[bug-reports]: #bug-reports

> [File an issue](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/issues/new?assignees=&labels=C-bug%2C+S-needs-triage&projects=&template=bug_report.yml&title=)

Reviewer: I think the text here might have got deleted accidentally

```suggestion
Please [create an issue](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/issues/new?assignees=&labels=C-bug%2C+S-needs-triage&projects=&template=bug_report.yml&title=) on the Zebra issue tracker.
```

[bug-reports]: #bug-reports

> [File an issue](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer: This link goes directly to the bug report (under the old name)

```suggestion
[File an issue](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/issues/new?assignees=&labels=C-bug%2C+S-needs-triage&projects=&template=bug_report.md&title=)
```
